docs: add cli exec examples (#6629)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/73-local-execution.md

## Requirements

- Install `woodpecker-cli` from the [distribution packages](../30-administration/05-installation/30-packages.md) or a release archive.
- Run the command from the repository checkout, or pass `--repo-path` to point at it.
- Make sure the backend you want to use is available locally. The Docker backend needs access to a Docker daemon. The local backend runs commands directly on your host and does not reproduce the container image environment.

## Run a workflow file

Create or edit a workflow file, then run it directly:

```shell
woodpecker-cli exec .woodpecker/my-first-workflow.yaml
```

You can also run every `.yaml` and `.yml` file in a workflow directory:

```shell
woodpecker-cli exec .woodpecker/
```

By default, Woodpecker auto-detects a backend. Select one explicitly when you want the local run to match a specific agent backend:

```shell
woodpecker-cli exec --backend-engine docker .woodpecker/my-first-workflow.yaml
woodpecker-cli exec --backend-engine local .woodpecker/my-first-workflow.yaml
```

## Pass metadata

> Local runs create metadata values automatically, but you can override them to test conditions such as branches, pull requests, tags, and events:

Reviewer: "Local runs create metadata values" is not understandable to me (I know what you want to say, but an average user won't).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata values are set automatically, but you can override them to test conditions such as branches, pull requests, tags, and events:
```
